Adding user-agent info (#10996)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/identify_synthetics_bots.md

You can also identify Datadog robots by using some of the **default headers** attached to the requests generated by Synthetic tests:

> ### user-agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `user-agent`
```

A `user-agent` header is added to all requests performed by Synthetic tests. 

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Single and multistep API tests" %}}

For single and multistep API tests, the `user-agent` header is `Datadog/Synthetics`.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Browser tests" %}}

> For browser tests, the value of the `user-agent` header varies depending on the browser and device executing the test. The `user-agent` header value however always ends with `Datadog/Synthetics` to allow you to easily identify our tests.

Author: ```suggestion
For browser tests, the value of the `user-agent` header varies depending on the browser and device executing the test. The `user-agent` header value however always ends with `Datadog/Synthetics` to allow you to easily identify Synthetic tests.
```

> For browser tests, the value of the `user-agent` header varies depending on the browser and device executing the test. The `user-agent` header value however always ends with `Datadog/Synthetics` to allow you to easily identify Synthetic tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For browser tests, the value of the `user-agent` header varies depending on the browser and device executing the test. The `user-agent` value always ends with `Datadog/Synthetics` to allow you to identify Synthetic tests.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ### sec-datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `sec-datadog`
```

Reviewer: Is there an explanation of what this is?

Author: Not really. I still went ahead and added a small sentence to introduce it though.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Single and multistep API tests" %}}

> `sec-datadog: Request sent by a Datadog Synthetics API Test (https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/) - test_id: <SYNTHETIC_TEST_PUBLIC_ID>`

Author: ```suggestion
```
sec-datadog: Request sent by a Datadog Synthetics API Test (https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/) - test_id: <SYNTHETIC_TEST_PUBLIC_ID>
```
```

> `sec-datadog: Request sent by a Datadog Synthetics API Test (https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/) - test_id: <SYNTHETIC_TEST_PUBLIC_ID>`

Reviewer: This is taking up multiple lines on the docs page. Use 3 ticks for a code block.

Author: Fixed - resolving comment.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Browser tests" %}}

> `Sec-Datadog: Request sent by a Datadog Synthetics Browser Test (https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/) - test_id: <SYNTHETIC_TEST_PUBLIC_ID>`

Author: ```suggestion
```
Sec-Datadog: Request sent by a Datadog Synthetics Browser Test (https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/) - test_id: <SYNTHETIC_TEST_PUBLIC_ID>
```
```

> `Sec-Datadog: Request sent by a Datadog Synthetics Browser Test (https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/) - test_id: <SYNTHETIC_TEST_PUBLIC_ID>`

Reviewer: This is taking up multiple lines on the docs page. Use 3 ticks for a code block.

Author: Fixed - resolving comment.

## Browser variable

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> In some cases, the browser variable cannot be applied. This method is deprecated and it is now recommended to leverage the `user-agent` header instead.

Author: ```suggestion
In some cases, the browser variable cannot be applied. The browser variable method is consequently deprecated and it is now recommended to leverage the `user-agent` header instead.
```

> In some cases, the browser variable cannot be applied. The browser variable method is consequently deprecated and it is now recommended to leverage the `user-agent` header instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser variable is deprecated. Datadog recommends using the `user-agent` header instead.
```

## Browser variable

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> The browser variable is deprecated. Datadog recommends using the `user-agent` header instead.

Author: ```suggestion
The browser variable is deprecated. Datadog recommends using the user-agent header instead.
```
